Review,sentiment
"This place is definitely deceiving with all the good reviews. The food is not particularly good and we ordered a great variety of food so we could try a little bit of everything. The service was lacking and the mandatory tip amount is fairly high for big groups which we felt they did not deserve. The free bread they handed out at the beginning was not enough for the amount of people we had. We expected them to give us one per person at least and they did not warn us that we would be charged for it when we asked for more when we realized there was not enough for everyone. When the bills came and we asked about it, the server very rudely said if you just don't want to pay go talk to my manager. A lot of us will never come back to this restaurant.",0
"One of the few restaurants I was most excited for but was left the most disappointed... Based on the reviews and pictures I came here with high expectations, unfortunately my experience was very underwhelming.

My friends and I ordered the crispy octopus tacos, hakka brown wontons, torched tamari glazed beef carpaccio, sichuan braised beef and the whole fried giggie trout. My table all agreed that the tacos were delicious and the best out of everything, and since this was the first dish brought to us we had very high hopes for the rest of our dinner. 

The rest of our food were just mediocre - it wasn't BAD but it wasn't to die for either. It honestly tasted like stuff we can make at home, which some people may not mind but my friends and I were expecting the fusion tastes to be more noticeable and long the lines of tastes we've never tried or experienced. The flavours/tastes didn't compliment each other or stood out to us at all, so we didn't really experience the ""fusion"" in any of the dishes except for the tacos. 

Some of the criticism agreed by my entire table for certain dishes were:

- the braised beef tasted exactly like the beef in pho, which is weird because the seasoning is completely different
- the wontons were a bit too salty 
- the trout was a bit too oily for us
- not enough sauces on the beef carpaccio, so it was too plain

Not only were the tastes not there, the portions were ridiculously small for the price (especially the tacos), aside from the trout. We usually order the same amount of food for 4 girls elsewhere and never finish - we finished all of the food here and were still hungry! Our final bill was $200 on the dot after taxes which is supposed to be AVERAGE I guess... but not worth it at DaiLo because we weren't full/satisfied. I feel like we could've spent the same amount elsewhere and gotten a better experience with food and actually be full afterwards. 

Despite the food not meeting our expectations, service was outstanding and impeccable. Our server was very patient with us and answered all of our questions, and explained each dish that came out beautifully. Our waters were always filled, and dishes were cleared quickly so our table was never too crowded. It was very quick to get his attention too when needed. 

Would I come back? Most likely not. I applaud DaiLo for trying with the the whole fusion scene but it just didn't work for us. The ""fusion"" additions they tried weren't enough to make most of the dishes stand out to us, the dishes tasted far too familiar at home... Sucks because we all really wanted to like this place!",0
"I really want to write a nicer review for this place because the food is amazing. And $2.50 fish tacos cannot be beat. The sign advertising said fish tacos is what reeled us in. 

But the service was just abysmal. 

My husband and I were eating around Toronto, so we were ordering small plates everywhere we went so we could get the best of all worlds. We ordered their three for $10 tacos (chicken, pork, and beef) and an extra fish taco for $2.50. All the tacos were amazing, the pork being our favourite and the beef, although good, was our least favourite (it was a bit dry). However, the server seemed annoyed that the two of us were ordering so little. We weren't offered side plates to share the tacos, so they were dripping everywhere and we struggled not to make a mess. We were never offered any water and their sauces were very spicy. Thankfully we had our own. And the thing that irked me most was that we were overcharged $1.50 for our tacos. They write the receipts by hand and were originally charged $10 for the three tacos, but they scratched that out and wrote $11.50. Not a huge deal. I asked why we were overcharged and the server said it's because we mixed and matched our tacos. She was kind of rude when I asked. But all the other reviews seem like it's $10 for three tacos regardless of mixing them up. I think they were mad we took up a table and tried to make it up in other ways. I couldn't care less about $1.50, but I don't like shady business practices.",0
"My friends and I (6+ people) came on a Tuesday for the Tuesday special where you get 8 hardshell tacos to share. My friends ordered the other tacos and really liked the 'In Cod We Trust' taco. We also had quesadillas, corn, and churros (really delicious btw, I highly recommend). I also ordered a cocktail and was surprised at the alcohol content, despite the small portion. Overall, I found the food to be really tasty and well seasoned! I just found the portion sizes to be quite small for the prices they were charging.

Our server did a great job on checking up on us and keeping up with our orders. We would occassionally just blurt out to add another item and I was impressed that they remembered it all- thank you!! Our server was also quite engaging, which made this place very welcoming and down to earth. 

The interior is decorated quite nicely and this place is very hipster. I would also recommend booking a table because, despite the numerous amounts of tables, quite a lot of them were reserved. There is also a bar for people who want to pop by for drinks only. 

The food came at a timely manner and the place was quite comfy. We were decently full but the prices really weren't worth the portion sizes we were given. This knocked back a few stars for me. Also, the bill could not be separated so figuring that out with a large group was not so favorable. Being a large group, we were not notified about the automatic gratuity until we asked for the bill at the end.",1
"My favourite ice cream shop in Toronto! Huge line ups during the summer, but I think it's worth it! There's no seating but in the summer it's a nice area to walk around in anyways. 

Genmaicha Matcha Tiramisu (Highly Recommended) -- I've yet to try an ice cream flavour I don't like at Bang Bang. They have so many unique flavours (e.g. totaro, london fog and boba milk tea) and delicious baked goods to pair with them. The Genmaicha Matcha Tiramisu is one of my favourite flavours - creamy, rich vanilla ice cream with huge chunks of soft matcha tiramisu. I think the genmaicha and alcohol is more prevalent than the matcha, but I'm not bothered by it because I think the combination works very well. My other go-to flavour is the lychee rosewater with raspberry; pretty much everyone I know is IN LOVE with it.  If you haven't been before, you NEED to go this summer! ⁣
⁣
TIP: Avoid peak times (i.e. after dinner) because the line can get pretty long. ⁣",2
"Don't expect a Chipotle/Taco Bell type place!

Parking:  There is drive-thru parking for this plaza, but lot was full of deep potholes.  It's best to park on Macdonald Ave.  It's a small residential street, just north of Lawrence.

Restaurant itself is SMALL.  There are 4 tables and a counter with a few stools.  Restaurant opens early for Desayunos.

I believe this restaurant specialises in Michoacan food, the birthplace of canitas, low and slow cooked meats, and stews such as pozole.  Prices for specialty items were on the ""higher end"", e.g. pozole was $15 and a Michoacano Burrito (snout-to-tail, slow cooked pork), $15.  There wasn't much sauce in the burrito itself, no rice, just meat.  It was nicely cooked, but quite porkie.

Overall, the tastes are quite different than, let's say, your typical taco places downtown.  It's more about regional cooking.

Area seems a bit rough, so some of the prices did surprise me.  Ok to try, but I wouldn't drive out of my way (esp at night) to head there!",1
"After a 2 hour wait time, we sat down for a carb heavy meal and every bite was delicious! 

My BF bet his friends they couldn't finish a meal on their own (both of them did.)  haha We shared a meal between us and were both FULL. Great value if you don't bet your friends and end up paying for the whole table Haha!

Blasting music and wine flowing it made for a fun atmosphere!  We'll be back! :) 

We did the Veal Parm & Spaghetti  Apparently it's all homemade.",2
"The best thing about this place is the price of the food. Me and my wife went for dinner about an hour and a half before thier closing time on a Saturday night the place was less than half full. We were seated at a table that felt like it was a common walk way by the front door so requested if we could be moved and the waitress refused to move us saying she couldn't offer up a four person table to two people, even though there were plenty and the place wasn't even half full. 

On to the food: 
Bruschetta: bread used was good nice and toasted not overly hard. The tomatoes were tasteless and bland which ruins this dish no matter how good the bread is. Did not taste like bruschetta at all.

My wife ordered the rigatoni Bolognese with a rose sauce. She did not enjoy it at all saying it was watered down sauce with chunks of bland tomatoes. 

I had the penne ala vodka with meatballs as a sub for the bacon my dish was not bad  food came out piping hot, sauce was decent meatballs were small and tasteless.

If you're on a budget, don't care about good service or food quality then this is the spot for you!",0
"This was my first time ever getting hand-pulled noodles. The broth was lovely - reminded me of pho. I ordered the super thin noodles, & it seemed almost over cooked as they were too soft. I suppose this might just be because they're super fresh, so there's no way to make them more al dente. I found because it's hand pulled, the size consistency of the noodles were off. There were thicker noodles mixed in, so it threw me off. This is most likely all PREFERENCE based.. but the beef was GREAT & the flavours of the broth and addition of green onions and cilantro.",1
"Came here to celebrate my Friends Birthday, Food is good but for the price its not worth it.service not good. I ask them if they can do something for her like candle and small dessert..And she said yeah we can do that..And I was waiting for it and she forgot and I felt bad that I have to said it infront of my friend when it supposed to be surprise.He said that they don't have anything like that but We saw that they did it on the other table.By the way we paid around $500 for that small portion of food and Bad service!",0
I was disappointed with this place for the price they charge their portion is so small I got the duck with rice barely any duck a bunch of cheapscapes the duck was okay honestly the duck at congee Queen was better price and way better taste last time I'm coming here,0
"I found this place while walking around Yorkville. I came without reservations but I was seated quickly as the restaurant was fairly empty on a weeknight. 

The restaurant is pretty spacious. They have a private dining room on the upper level for large groups. The ambience is upscale and relaxing.

Service:

The server was nice but she wasn't around very often. I had to wave another server down for more water since my assigned server barely checked up on my table.

Food:
Calamari Fritti - The calamari was pretty standard.

Fettucine Alla riviera -  The fettucine pasta was disappointing as the sauce was underwhelming. It was pretty bland. 

Gnocchi Alla Dimmi - The gnocchi was decent.

Overall:

Great location with a nice ambiance. However, poor service and overpriced, mediocre food. They may be busy but that may be because of their convenient location.",0
"This restaurant is now on the top 10 list for the best restaurants in Canada.  I came here before the list came out and I have to say I am extremely underwhelmed.  There are much better restaurants in Toronto that deserve to take its place on the list, and especially much better ITALIAN in Toronto.

I had the calamari to start which was fresh and came with some shishito peppers which was fun.  But I find nowadays calamari is pretty good at most places.  For the mains I had the ravioli (cello spinach, stracciatella, walnut pesto) which is not a dish that would bring me back to the restaurant again.  I found the walnut pesto to be overpowering and very gritty/thick, but to be fair I actually don't like walnut that much.  

The pizza I had was thin crust and just nothing amazing.  There is MUCH better pizza elsewhere all over Toronto.  I have NO idea how this restaurant made it to the top restaurant list in Canada and I will not be coming back again.  I am giving 3 stars because the service is FANtastic and the restaurant is beautiful.",1
"After having been here a few times, I can't believe that I'm just getting to review this place now! Bang Bang Ice Cream is right up there with Kekou Gelato in my books for best ice cream places in TO. Waiting in line here is pretty common any day of the week and especially in the evenings but for good reason!

This place is amazing because of the many ice cream options available. I love how there are so many unique flavours to choose from that you can never really get tired of coming here and can pick a different flavour each time depending on what you feel like having. Some of the flavours include burnt toffee (a personal fave!), lychee rosewater, totaro, london fog, milk and cookies, matcha, etc. Some flavours are also rotated as I don't always see certain ones whenever I've visited. 

You can also have your ice cream as part of an ice cream sandwich (half or full) since there are various cookie flavours to choose from and I remember that you could do a macaron ice cream sandwich at one point. Of course, there's also the popular waffle and ice cream combination. A bonus is that small tubs of select flavours are available here too. The prices are fair for what you pay for and a perfect treat in the summer heat!",2
The food quality and quantity is good. They are making the fresh food for the right price. One thing they need to improve is the cleanliness of the plates and cutlery. Nice spot for Mexican food.,1
"It's pretty good Mexican food, and the atmosphere is cute. I sometimes come here for lunch when I am at work. Service is friendly and the food is decent. I've ordered the tacos, nachos and the churros. Can't go wrong.",1
"I enjoyed a solo dinner here recently. The room is is tiny, but I grabbed a window seat. I had three dishes. The pan-fried dumplings were very good; fresh and expertly fried and lots of flavour, albeit very similar to what you can find elsewhere in Chinatown (see Mother's Dumplings and the Dumpling House for example). The green beans were truly outstanding; perfectly cooked and seasoned, and not too greasy. I could eat a plate of those beans for lunch every single day.

The only (small) misstep was the Taiwanese basil chicken. While hot and fresh, it was a little dry and didn't have much basil flavour.

I would definitely return.",2
"I forgot, the second time I went, how bad the green curry is and got it again.  Damn it.",1
"Good food and unique flavours but found it a bit pricey for whats it worth. Came here on a Sunday evening to a somewhat empty restaurant that filled up slowly throughout the night. Dishes were flavourful but expensive. The portions are also quite small so if you want to fill up, you'll need to spend quite a bit. I may personally struggle a bit with fusion Chinese restaurants as I often find similarily tasty food for significantly cheaper in traditional restaurants. 

Worth a try but I won't be a regular!",1
Came here tonight for dinner tonight because of awesome experience last time.  It was pretty empty on a Wednesday evening.  The owners are really lovely and this is why I give it 3 stars.  The food is not what it was when I visited last. I really enjoy authentic Mexican food and unfortunately the food tonight lacked spice that I really enjoy.   The food was flavourful but not nearly as amazing as I remember.  I ordered my food spicy and they wasn't even the slightest tingle :(,1
"(SKIPTHEDISHES Delivery Review)

My friend and I decided to order delivery on a Saturday morning. 
They have a HUGE menu and it was actually a little confusing for indecisive me to find something I could decide on.

We ended up getting:
1. Pork & Preserved Egg Congee: My friend really enjoyed this
2. Minced Beef Congee: The congee came to my apartment HOT (yay) and it was really well made in my opinion. There was a good amount of beef and I liked the amount of ginger in there to give it extra flavor (and it makes me feel 'healthier'
3. Dough Sticks: These were still warm when it arrived. Fairly standard but still a positive that it made it to the apartment without being soggy
4. Rice rolls with Shrimp & Soy Sauce: Never ordering these again. The shrimp didn't seem like it was fresh. The rice rolls were really chewy and plasticky instead of being soft and silky. For $7 the portions were TINY. 

For those 4 very basic things it came to about $27 (not including delivery charge).

I used to come here when I was really little with my grandma as her temple is right next door. I'd come back just to see how it compares in person.",1
"Fudao is a standard noodle house that gives really generous portions! 

I was actually expecting it to be more of a dipping noodle situation after seeing the photos but it's actually more of a hot pot since you're supposed to toss in all of the toppings and noodles in your broth immediately before it cools. 

For the price, I think it's a solid spot that will definitely fill you up. The service was just OK. I was surprised that there was a decent amount of seating. If you're visiting, it's not a must but if you're looking for a place to get a substantial amount of food for a good price it's worth trying.",1
"Decent priced, tasty noodles
Was a little confused on how to order. So we ordered extra meat, which was not necessary because the noodle combos already came with meat.",2
"Ordered 5 tacos with a mix of Tinga, Chorizo and Al Pastor. The tacos were shockingly small and costed $10 plus tax. Tinga and Chorizo were meh, kinda lacked flavors. Al Pastor was the most unique one of the 3 with the addition of pineapple. Hot sauces were good, one green and one red. Service was really nice.",1
"Best, cheap and delicious eat in financial district as it gets! When I used to get long lunch breaks, I'd meet every friend to eat here. You don't come for the environment but for the speedy, delicious wonton noodles and soy milk beverage. Wish they had this uptown as well as it would be a great snack on weekends as well. 5/5 recommend and they have also have rice as well which are good!",2
"Lai Wah Heen offers excellent service and good food. The prices are higher compared to restaurants in Chinatown nearby, but you are paying for better service and food. 

The service is always great here. Servers are attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is casual. Overall, I enjoy most of the items I've had here. You will not leave disappointed if you have a dinner here. The service and food are both great. 

However, I am only giving it a 3 stars because I think the prices are high for what you get. Yes, the food is better than some of the cheaper restaurants in Chinatown. However, it isn't anything exceptional to me for the price they charge. It is priced higher because it is in a great location perhaps. For the prices here, I am expecting more unique items.",1
"Unfortunate to see such a great and authentic place go down in quality after growth in business. 

I loved Mi Taco when it first opened, it has a real authentic feel to it, amazing flavours of everything. 

I went back today after a couple years out of the neighbourhood and was so excited to go back, I was happy to see how busy they were and they had renovated. 

Unfortunately the quality of taco took a MASSIVE hit. The corn tortilla was mush by the time my food came to me. No seasoning at all. What a disappointing experience and loss in Toronto's Taco scene.",0
"Cash only.. it's 2019 
Plates with holes in it.. it's 2019
Food is decent, but get the basics right",0
"If you find yourself in downtown Toronto looking for asian food, head to Lee Chen Asian Bistro.  The place is downstairs from the sidewalk and is huge inside...I mean huge.  I suspect they do a great lunch business, but we came after a hockey game on our way back to the hotel. 

The service was prompt and always available if you need anything.  The bar/beer scene doesn't offer a lot, but there are a few options to pick from if your in need. 

The spring rolls and chicken dumplings were really, really good.  I had sweet and sour chicken which is some of the best I have ever had anywhere.  

I definitely would go back and probably spend more time ordering a lot of dim sum as there is a lot to pick from if that is your jam.  They have a huge menu and one trip is not going to satisfy your palate.",2
"This place is actually 2 floors and most nights require a booking. Tables are big and comfy far apart. Can accommodate large groups. I would say the food is a middle eastern fusion. The service is wonderful. Place is a bit dressy so no baseball hat or sweat pants. You can wear those things but just might be uncomfortable with everyone else dressed up a bit. Food is a bit expensive around $30/$50 for main.

Food recommend: definitely the app with the dumpling in yogurt. The yogurt is middle eastern so a bit sour but sweat. Really good. Trick is to ask for bread (free) for the sauce after. 

We got the lamb shoulder as the main. You make your own wrap. The lamb is 24 hour roasted. I would probably get something else next time. Just wasnt unique enough for the price (felt like i was making my own shwarma). I would get the lamb rib app of you like lamb.",2
"Nice staff
Simple interior
About $20 for king pao w rice; restaurants love to add $$$$ for the rice, they know it goes with rice, so charge more, seems unfair.
It is definitely hot. Felt like CRAP hour(s) later.
Hard on the stomach, I like hot, this was too greasy and doesn't sit well.
Did I mention 4 hrs later..
Not so good!
Bad aftertaste and guts are mad at me.",0
"I had high expectations for this restaurant based on other reviews but for me, it ended up being just an average meal. 

The restaurant itself is very nice inside. The decor is unique and the feel of the restaurant is upscale yet welcoming. Staff are very friendly and professional. I don't particularly enjoy the high seats we had, but that's just me. The menu is a bit confusing so we had a lot of questions, and our server was happy to explain. There were four of us dining and we had intended on ordering our own food, but apparently this restaurant suggests more of a ""family style"" dining experience. I feel that this is a lazy way of serving, as you're basically told that they don't care about timing your food to come out together, so it's suggested you share whatever comes out first. Not my favourite way to eat when I'm dining with people I don't know very well.

One of the guys at our table wanted to order a drink that was under the ""Large Format"" heading, which our server explained was meant to share. She also said it could be served as a single drink if he wanted. I read the description (Velvet Krush) and decided I'd also like to try it. When our drinks were brought out, it was served as a single drink with two straws. I don't know what made her think that two people sitting on opposite ends of the table from each other would want to share a drink like that, but we sent it back requesting two separate glasses. Even if we had been a couple, I would not want to share a drink like that. Very strange. At least the drink was really good. Something I would definitely have again. 

We ordered a few ceviche dishes to start. Most of the dishes were good, but at this price point, I honestly expected to be wowed at least with some of the dishes. The presentation was exceptional, which is probably why I was disappointed, as I expected everything to taste as good as it looked. I did enjoy the scallop ceviche - probably my favourite dish of all the ones I tried. 

I had the hanger steak as my main with a side of grilled mushrooms. The steak was cooked rare, which I found to be a bit rubbery. Had it been cooked a bit more to mid-rare, it probably would have been perfect. Because they sliced the steak before bringing to the table, there's not much you can do to salvage it, aside from ordering a new one. Given the two-hour window they impose, I wasn't prepared to chance it, as we were over 2/3 of our time already. The mushrooms also looked better than they tasted, as I felt the broth kind of watered down the mushroom flavour rather than enhancing it. I also tasted the grilled fish and the coal roasted sweet potato, but neither was to my liking. It seemed like the char from the grill kind of overpowered everything else. 

At the end of the meal, there was nothing really outstanding for me. I'd return if I was with other people who wanted to try it, but can't say I'd rush back anytime soon.",1
"One of my favourite Italians in the city and not just for the food, this location is great for a meal out due to its ambience and the setting in such a historic, classic building - really adds to the experience!

Not to brag but being greedy I had a pizza, pasta and salad last time I went and all were great with fresh ingredients and the salad in particular was really refreshing sandwiched in between my carb medley!

Very good wine selection too.

PS - it you go on a date and it's rubbish they have jail cells underground sooo.....",2
"Winterlicious Dinner Review $53

Finally got to try Miku for their winterlicious dinner menu. For $53 you got an appetizer, a main and a dessert option.

Appetizer:
Sushi Sampler - included some pressed sushi's (shrimp and salmon), two nigiris (shrimp and sea bream), and two pieces of rolls (spicy red tuna and a white tuna one). The sample was decent tasting. My favourites were the two nigiri pieces as they were very fresh and flavorful. The pressed sushi ones were okay as well and provided a more 'fusion' type sushi taste. My least favourite was the rolls. They tasted dry and bland to the point that it was hard to tell what you were sampling. 

Main / Entree: 
Sablefish and Lobster Ravioli with eggplant, mushrooms and romanesco. 

I really enjoyed this entree. I though the sablefish was marinated and cooked perfectly. It was a perfect balance of sweetness and melt in your mouth smoothness. The lobster ravioli and cream sauce was amazing as well. You could really see and taste the quality ingredients that went into the ravioli with lobster meat on every bite. The accompanying vegetables were a little disappointing and very bland tasting. I felt like the romanesco and mushrooms were just blanched with hot water with no seasoning. It didn't really add to the dish, if anything took away from the other two tasty items. 

Dessert: 
Green Tea Opera Cake with Green Tea Gelato

The dessert tasted standard. I heard a lot of great things about this cake and was super excited to try it, but perhaps it was overhyped. I felt the cake part (chocolate ganache) overpowered the green tea flavour as opposed to complimenting it. But, the gelato was very delicious and pungent, which I enjoyed.

The service was great as usual. My only complaint was the fact that the women's bathroom always seems to be in disarray. I think more attention needs to be paid to it for this type of restaurant that thrives in the 'experience'. One stall was broken and there was toilet paper everywhere on the floor. 

Overall, I felt that the food was decent, but perhaps the quality is not as high when it is Winterlicious? Mop",1
"Inattentive staff, over cooked food. Noodle break right apart because it's so overdone.",0
"Hits and misses at one of the most popular Thai spots in the GTA. It's legacy will be for ushering in an era of outstanding and competitive Thai cuisine to Toronto... But as it currently stands, it's good but not worth the long waits.

What We Got: Pad Kee Mao (chicken), Chef Top's Massaman Curry (Tofu), Green Curry (chicken), Thai Iced Tea

What We Liked: 
+curry was smooth and solid kick
+Pad Kee Mao was a big standout - definitely one of my favourite dishes ($17)
+Chicken didn't cost extra but beef did 

What We Didn't: 
-Thai Iced Tea was smooth but missing a ""tea"" flavour, especially as the ice slowly melted. 
-Chef's curry is quite sweet - would recommend only to those who want to mix a sweet tooth with an entree. Also very heavy with plenty of potatoes
-very noisy! Hard to have conversation and hear yourself
-spice levels seemed a bit off. I swear the Pad Kee Mao at level 3 seemed to be more mild than the curry at Level 2. Felt like it was the other way around!


What We Recommend
/Pad Kee Mao! Probably will try level 4 spicy next time, but I might stick with 3 just to doubly confirm next time

Next Time...
Will probably try Pad Thai, Khao Soi and some appetizers. But let's be grateful for all these outstanding Thai options nowadays.


3.5, but I'll wait to round up based on subsequent visits!",1
"This is my favourite Italian restaurant. All their pasta dishes are flavourful and it's surprising because you wouldn't think so just by looking at the dish. Unlike other Italian restaurant that drenched their pasta in sauce (don't get me wrong, I love that), most of their pastas don't have much sauce on it. Every dish tastes like a home cooked meal. I've never experienced anything quite like this.

Some of my favourites are Rigatoni/Trinacria, Gnocchi (New School)/Crema Tartufata Funghi E Mais, and Risotto/Girotondo.

I've had a couple of their desserts and I can't say there are any standouts.

I also love their complimentary bread - because it tastes good and not because it's free! I really miss the days when restaurant give out free bread before the mains.",2
"I'm really not sure why this place has such great reviews, I found the food merely average. The interior reminds me more of the Southeast Asia budget ""backpacker"" vibe, ie partiers. It's certainly a part of the Thai experience but not really my thing.

Tom yum soup - this was pretty solid with vibrant flavors and a good kick. Maybe I've really lost spice tolerance but I was starting to drip before I was done with the cup...

Pad cha hett - mushroom stir fry. I got this with black rice just to try something new and it didn't quite fit the rest of the dish. If you get this, stick with the jasmine. The stir fry part was disappointingly bland though. It had a bit of a fennel taste to it, not sure what that comes from.",1
"I believe this restaurant is an old house - it definitely has that feeling!  The main dining room at the back is filled with tables - a bit too crowded for my taste, but not annoyingly so.  There is also a patio in the back but I believe they have closed it for the season.

The lights are dim, the room has that old world in your grandma's eclectic house feel to it.

The service was just lovely - our server (name I have forgotten unfortunately) was pleasant and FUNNY!  He cracked jokes with us throughout the service which I found nice after a long shitty day at work.  Definitely an extra star for the service.

I ordered the shrimp and mushroom pasta in an olive oil sauce - Linguini DI Mamma Ninetta - this was pretty ok - light and fresh tasting which is what I wanted since I didn't want a heavy cream sauce when I was going dancing later - that would have put me to sleep!.  My only complaint was that the shrimp to mushroom ratio was off - there were only 3-4 shrimp in my dish and it was overloaded with mushrooms.  The portion was pretty big (for me) - enough for 2 meals.

I'd like to check this place out in the summer when the patio opens up!  Overall the food is about a 3 STAR, but the service bumps it to 4 STAR.",2
"We came here as part of a dare to eat at a ""shady"" looking restaurant. Surprisingly well worth it. And NOT shady at all, very wholesome vibes.
 
They were located down the street on Huron, tucked beneath commercial offices. These guys have some pretty fantastic food. 

It's a very casual, family-owned asian restaurant, reflective of the cultural neighbourhood. If you're already into that type of thing and want to dine casually, it's a good call.",2
"I have to give credit where credit is due - GB Noodles is the restaurant that made me a noodle-soup fan. I lived in China from 2015-2017, and while I was there, I didn't find a noodle soup I enjoyed. 

GB Noodles changed all of that. I used to love coming here. It was consistently delicious.

I'm not sure what's changed, but it definitely isn't the soup I remember. It's still good, don't get me wrong, but after coming back for the first time in about a year, I'm just not sure what's changed. The broth is decent, the noodles are still fantastic, but the overall effect left me a bit wanting.",1
"Worst service ever.  Staff don't care about the guests.  No table check. We had to hunt down a server to get a drink and order food. 

Cool vibe but would not recommend",0
"Oh my goodness, this small Italian spot is amazing. Just do yourself a favor and go here. I don't even need to say anymore. I had the Gnoccho Fritto and it was absolutely delicious. The service is amazing and the decor is quaint and modern. For my small visit in Toronto, I'd come here every day if I could.",2
"2.5/5 stars. Delicious gourmet tacos, but pricey.

Food: 4/5. Everything I tried was delicious. We started with chips + 3 dips which I would highly recommend.  It came with tomato salsa, corn salsa and guacamole. I also really enjoyed the flavour of my tacos. I got:

- Achiote Chicken. My least favourite but still decent. 
- Crispy Cotija. Basically fried cheese, which you can never go wrong with. 
- Carnita. Pork taco with amazing fixings. This was my absolute favourite. 

We also got a pitcher of one of their daily special drinks, which was a pineapple beer. The glass came rimmed with HEAPS of salt which everyone at my table hated - salt & beer? 


Service & Atmosphere: 2.5/5. Loud & dark space. Hipster in style. Server was nice but visited our table very rarely. There were 5 of us at the table being billed separately. All of our bills were out of order. I had a taco missing from my bill, which got added on to someone else's bill, etc. When we tried to say something to the server she just handed us the debit machine. We ended up figuring out her billing mistakes ourselves and paid each other back the appropriate amounts. 


Value for Money: 2/5. This is where it really falls flat for me. Each MINI taco is about $6.00 each. They can be finished in 2 bites. That's ~$3.00 per bite. They are mini tacos too so you'll need a few of them to feel satisfied.",1
"Fantastic Sichuan food in downtown Toronto.

The new hot(literally) spot for some good Sichuan Chinese food.

Went for dinner with friends and ordered beef and tripe, Tilapia hotpot, chicken wings pot, bean sprouts, everything is delish and Tilapia pot the special is quite unique with Sichuan style pickled veggie. The dish has daily limits till sold out, we were lucky to have got our order in. But you do need to watch out for the fish bones because they use fresh fish instead of fillets (which is a huge plus if you want authenticity). The most popular dish on our table was the chicken wings however, the lotus root add on (some of the dishes are highly customizable) is to die for. However, it is really spicy, suicidal spicy. For folks who think they might be able to handle spicy, you definitely won't be able to. Ask the staff to really tone down the spice level to almost none, and it'll be spicy enough for like 99% of general population. Will def go back.",2
"I come to 川味轩 occasionally and every time think to myself ""oh no looks like they closed down"" because of the state of disrepair of the storefront. 

Once inside, it's the same familiar servers and that awful plaid carpet. The prices haven't changed much over the years and neither has the menu, although I did notice the portions are smaller. I always get the lunch specials Kung Pao chicken, a tofu dish and spicy cold noodles which never disappoints. Lunch specials come with a soup of the day. 

Tasty, good value and a viable option if you are willing to relax your standards of cleanliness.",1
"This Levetto location is located at Dovercourt and Sudbury, a few minutes away from the busy street of Queen West. I've tried the other Levetto locations before and decided to come back to this particular location as I was in the mood for pasta. I dropped by for lunch on a Thursday; the eatery was quite empty. The pasta I ordered was filing and service was friendly but the food was just forgettable this particular time. I found the pasta to be underwhelming, under seasoned, and overcooked. Unfortunately did not have a good experience here and will not be returning.",1
"Very pricey very small portions but good atmosphere, services is pretentious but ok. Good place for drinks and what feels like tapas.  Good place for an expensive date, most plates enough for 2 ppl only. 

Plates to try: fried rice, whole fried fish, jelly slaw, 

Plates to skip: fried watermelon sound cool but just warm cubes of water lemon, ribeye (meat was tough), duck meat was also tough, 

We ordered 3/4 of their small menu. They don't have all the items pictures on yelp. 

They have an excellent bottle of white wine, Chasselas I think from France? Yum. 

BEWARE: we found that the prices they charged on our bill was different and higher than the prices listed on their menu ??!! Shady right??! How does that even happen?? Our bottle of wine was listed for $75 and they charged $85 and a few other other items too, $38 listed charged $40 etc.  We verified the wine and they admitted their fault.  We let the other smaller differences go but SHADY BUSINESS PRACTICE OR INCOMPETENCE?! 

Just REMEMBER TO CHECK AND DOUBLE CHECK YOUR BILL. ITS SO EXPENSIVE ALEADY so I guess most people just assumed it was accurate.",1
"Hacienda las Americas definitely doesn't live up to the scarce 4.5 star rating it possess on Yelp. The only redeeming factor at Hacienda las Americas were its sauces, which were hot, flavourful and added a nice kick to the entrees. But unfortunately the sauces are meant to compliment the entrees, not substitute them, and the entrees leave a lot to be desired.

I went here with my parents and I got the Carne Asada ($18) and them, the Alambre ($18). The Carne Asada is a steak + rice, beans and salad. The steak was extremely thin, tenderized to a point far from its original state, and couldn't have been more than 6oz. It was not a real steak by any meaning of its traditional definition. Worst of all, the steak was barely warm when it came to the table and it had a slightly foul taste to it and was definitely kept in the fridge a day or two too long. There was nothing in the dish that justified its $18 price point - whether that be the ingredients used, the skill put into making the dish or the quantity of the items. 

My parents got the Alambre (fajitas, rice and beans), which was really no better. Fajitas usually come in fresh out of the grill (sometimes a pan), sizzling, smokey and hot. There was none of that. The fajitas were warm, like the steak I ordered, and seemed more like a product of the microwave than a grill.",0
"Xola Mexican Food would be a great cosy place to take a first date. They promise Mexican food unlike any other. The small setting is endearing. While the service was excellent, and the menu promised good, fresh ingredients...

No salsa or chips to get you started on the house as is usual in the places I've been. Instead, for $10.50 or so, when we ordered the Guacamole as an appetizer, it was excellent and enough for both of us. As good as avocados can be. Not special.

I ordered the Duck. I received a very small serving roast duck taken off the bone in a small bowl, several small wraps, a  1/2 ramekin of chopped fruit for the wrap, a  1/2 ramekin of sour cream. That's it. No potatoes. No rice. No salad. Messy.  It was OK. Not interesting. Cost over $22.00.

My girlfriend ordered braised Lamb. Same thing. It was a tiny portion, stewed and served in a small bowl, with several small wraps,  1/2 ramekin of black beans. That's it. No potatoes. No rice. No salad. It was just OK. The duck was better. Cost over $18.00.

Add 1 beer and 1 excellent Margarita to that, and the bill was $80. 

Because the service was good, a tip had to be added which brought it up to $90.

Moral to this story - Xola is not even close to worth it. You won't find what you're used to or expect to. If you're open to novelty, you'll be disappointed by what you're served and what you're not.

For the best mexican, its worth the trip to Cielito Lindo in Pickering or Mexican Lindo at 971 O'Connor Dr, Toronto  - the very best. And we could have eaten twice for what I paid.

If you want duck or lamb, better to hit Chinatown or Greek Town respectively.",0
"I'll start off by saying that I firmly believe that people come here for the atmosphere. It's a great place to just hang out, enjoy the music, and the drinks ! The taco's aren't the best I've ever had...nor are they the worst tacos either. You're paying almost $6 for ONE little TINY sample sized taco. So you don't get your money's worth at all.  They have quite a bit of options to choose from when it comes to tacos which is actually a pro to this place( except for when some options are sold out..). A huge con to me would be the fact that some of my tacos were cold by the time it got to me.. another huge con would be the service. Considering that there were literally 4 customers seated you would have expected them to be a lot more attentive, but that wasn't the case. Anyways the chances of me returning to eat are extremely low. Might just stop in to have a drink if I'm ever in the area though...HOWEVER if you do decide to give this place a try..  go for the shrimp taco ! 

$60 dollars later... stomach was still growling and I had to head over to McDonalds. ...",1
"What did I just eat? lol
I tried their Famous YoPo Biang Biang Mian. It's a random mix of everything. It has a lot of vegetables (potato, mushrooms, carrots, zucchini, egg & tomato) if you want a healthier option. For me, it's not a lot of meat, a smaller portion and not very filling. The hand pulled noodles were good, the right texture, but again not enough quantity.",1
"It was a good restaurant, the enchiladas were good. The ice cream and dessert were better. Decent prices and service was fast. Nothing stood out to make it great.",1
"The pictures are sour soup fish, cabbage with mushroom, and tofu with sliced pork. The manager really wanted us to pay with cash. But they accept debit card too. It's also pretty spacious and there are many items on menu. WiFi is available.",2
"Absolutely the best Mexican restaurant in Toronto... The other comments stating the same fact are true. The chef and family cook with heart and the result is pure authentic Mexican food that is definitely top class. We tried the steak taco and duck confit... Our taste buds were having a feista on their own. 

Highly recommend this restaurant and will come back for repeat visits.",2
"For such a charming looking restaurant with high ratings, I had big hopes for Nodo. I loved the decor and set up, which I describe as a rustic boho chic. However, the food fell short of expectations and did not taste very authentic at all. I ordered the tradition gnocchi recommend by our server, it was so so. My friend had better luck with the fish. We shared the tiramisu for dessert, but that was also underwhelming and we only ate a quarter of it. The portions are fairly large if that helps.",1
"They have a few locations across the city, and I would say the quality is consistent. 

The 3 must-get items:

1. Garlic shoot rice with lamb (comes in a bamboo pot)
2. Lamb or chicken noodles (stir-fried)
3. Sizzling eggplant with chicken",2
"Great spot if you wanna get some quick tacos or burritos.

There was a huge variety of options to order and al for a fair price however there was a huge lack of flavour in anything you ate until you added sauces from their sauce bar(which was great). I felt like I was getting grilled vegetables flavoured with salt and wrapped in a tortilla. 

My stars are really going towards the tomatillo sauce which really saved the day.",1
"First experience: Didn't receive 'regular service' (basic) when dining in, we weren't checked on and had to get up to order another drink and ask for takeaway containers. Tried pizza & rigatoni dish.
Second experience: the following week we ordered the Rigatoni dish (with braised beef) again but for take away there was only  1/4 of the amount of meat so we felt like we paid $15 for noodles and red sauce.",1
"I've been to Mexitaco a couple of times now and they've been good enough. The servers are friendly but not as attentive as I'd like, make sure to really confirm what you've ordered to ensure nothing has been missed and if something doesn't arrive soon, check with your server because it probably wasn't punched in. The atmosphere is fun but small, and busy on weekends, so make reservations if you have a group. 

The nachos with added guacamole is good but don't expect much cheese happening with these, it's mostly tomatoes, onions, and sour cream; the added guacamole really helps, but wish their guacamole was thicker because it's very slurry like.

The elote was not good here. It didn't look or taste like it was actually grilled, plus the mayonnaise and shredded cheese combination grossed me out. I've tried other Mexican style street corn that are much better.

Out of the tacos I've tried, the baja fish is my favourite, followed by the carne asada. I find their tacos are on the drier side so make sure to really use the supplied limes, salsa, and hot sauce provided after you order. I would not recommend the baja calamari taco, it was 3 sad tiny battered calamari rings (like the sad frozen ones) that were also chewy and flavourless. 

The frozen margarita with added Coronita was unexpectedly salty, so I would not recommend. Try their Pina Colada instead - can be a hit or miss.

We've tried other things on the menu that are okay but this is what we will typically order every time and basically what not to order for next time.",1
"3.5/5 
The food is alright and authentic, prices are reasonable for the area and the service is friendly. The guacamole is made fresh to order so that's always a plus! I ordered 3 different taco flavours (steak, pork and fish) and preferred the steak fajitas tacos the best as it was super juicy. Wish there was some type of small side that accompanied the meal.",1
"Although the surroundings of a cellar-like space was nice, the overall pricey but subpar food, elementary plating/plates, and clumsy service was a let down especially in the Yorkville area.

I ordered their fish special of the night: Swordfish with a Side Salad. It was expensive, but the portion was great and the fish cooked & seasoned well!  The side salad was very basic but fresh, thankfully I had asked for the dressing on the side...especially since we previously ordered the Fried Calamari appetizer that came with some VERY greasy side salads. We ended our meal with some desserts, I tried their creme brûlée, but for $9.95 it was a rip off since the ramekin wasn't fully filled and the custard texture felt a little too whipped. Also, a little ridiculous that they charged us for hot water.",1
"Had an appointment across the street so I saw this Mexican place and decided to try it out. It's very nicely decorated -- vibrant colours, a mural, and lots of Mexican decor. 

I decided to go with a veggie burrito as I am vegetarian, which came up to $9 flat. I was told at the cash that it's 10% off if you pay with cash (not sure if that's an everyday thing but at least I know for next time). Anyways, I was served right away and I was in and out within five minutes I'd say. The burrito itself was not the greatest--pretty bland compared to other veggie burritos I've eaten (and I eat a lot of them lol). I've also never had a burrito with broccoli, cauliflower and carrots in it so this was a first for me . Honestly tasted like I had some type of Asian stirfry in my burrito which really threw me off. Guacamole is supposed to be included but I couldn't even taste it . To be honest I didn't finish a quarter the burrito because I just didn't enjoy it at all. A piece of the cauliflower actually fell on the ground by accident there was a bunch of pigeons around me that really enjoyed it lol  

Would I come back? Probably not. If I was in the area I'd be open to trying something else on the menu because I see a lot of great reviews but I don't see myself ever coming out of my way to come here again.",0
"Overall: 5
Possibly my favourite Italian restaurant in Toronto.

Food: 5
Ambiance/Decor: 5
Service: 5
 
I have been here a couple of times now and it's one of my go to places when someone comes back to visit. The house made pastas here are amazing and cooked perfectly. Pizza is baked in a wood fired oven with perfectly thin crust. 

For appetizers I usually go for the Calamari or the Polpo e Fagioli, the octopus is sous vide for 3 hours then charred in the oven and is absolutely delicious. For pastas, you can't really go wrong with any of them. I've had the Cacio e Pepe, Oxtail Ragu, the seafood pasta, and the chestnut agnolotti. I loved all of them and can't really pick a favorite. My favourite red pizza is the L'Amentea, the soppressata adds a nice savoury flavour and a slight kick. If you prefer white pizzas, La Giulietta on the other hand is beautiful and decadent. Desserts here are also great, sweet but not overly decadent. The Torta della Nonna, Bigne al Pistachio, and the house made gelato are all great choices.  

The restaurant has seating at the bar, standard tables, and chef's table. If you don't mind it being a bit louder the chef's table is great and they brought us complimentary cheese spread to start.",2
"So this is my first trip to Canada and I decided to try this place because of a picture I saw of a margarita. So of course,  I did go and order that drink. I asked for a frozen margarita but it was far from frozen. It looked like the machine had melted. They made me another and it looked great but it wasn't sweet. 

I did order the quesadilla with chorizo. It was delicious. They served it Spanish rice and a side salad. First time I've been to a Mexican restaurant and I didn't get black beans. I had the habanero sauce with it and it was super spicy but I live for spicy food!",1
"You definitely come here for the dumplings and not the service. In typical Chinese fashion, the customer service here is nearly nonexistent. As we walked in, a waitress barked ""cash only"". Half way through our meal we were asked ""any more?"" and before we had a moment to discuss, we were given the bill. Finally, before we actually finished our food, a waitress started clearing our table. 

However, with that said, their dumplings are definitely their redeeming quality. They are handmade and fresh, from the wrappers to the fillings. They also offer a good variety; they have chicken, beef, pork, lamb, shrimp, and vegetarian dumplings. It is also a fairly cheap eat and it is easy to share. If you are willing to put up with poor customer service for good food, this is a decent option.",1
"I give this restaurant three stars. I have been to Lai Wah Heen twice, most recently in January.

Lai Wah Heen is a upscale dim sum restaurant located on the second floor of the DoubleTree by Hilton, in downtown Toronto. The restaurant is spacious and bright, the staff is friendly and the service is excellent.

The dim sum is very good but there aren't many, if any vegetable options so it is quite heavy. Also, it doesn't seem very expensive but the price can increase rather quickly when you purchase a few of the higher priced dishes. The bill was higher when my wife and I went here in January than it was when we took our friend last year for her birthday. We particularly liked the crispy shrimp rolls served with sweet hawthorn sauce and the sticky rice filled with assorted seafood & meat, wrapped & steamed in lotus leaf. The spicy, sweet oyster sauce goes really well with the majority of the dim sum and the tea is excellent.

I will likely return to Lai Wah Heen sometime in the near future. I recommend this restaurant to anyone that likes dim sum and wants experience eating it in a high end setting. Three stars.",1
"Gem of a find. 
My brother had this bookmarked since we landed in Toronto and we finally came here for lunch today. So pleased we did!
Ordered:
(Food)
Taste of Mexico platter - amazing value (good size) and the perfect way to try different things. We found the chorizo too salty for our taste, but everything else was fantastic. Pastor and grilled pineapple combination were excellent together, carne Asada was perfectly cooked. The guacamole was excellent too
Barbacoa taco - definitely a favorite we'll order again
Pastor taco - great but didn't realize we had pastor in the platter too, so an accidental repeat
Mexican street corn - can't go wrong with this
(Dessert)
Diablito - a must order!! Ended the meal on the perfect note with this dessert. Probably our favorite dish, beautifully put together
Churros - also great and freshly made

Overall, we had a wonderful meal for a reasonable price. Fantastic service, great food.
Only note - cleaning the hot sauce bottles before serving would be a good idea, as they look less than tempting. And we found the suicide sauce totally weak, but we eat a lot of spice in our house!",2
"Authentic italian food served in the same fashion.

Service: The staff were friendly, but the wait times were pretty unacceptable considering we had a large group with a reservation. We arrived on time, but still had to wait upwards of 30 minutes for a table, and it almost ruined the surprise birthday. The food came as ordered, but the waiters clearly didn't communicate with each other as they didn't know who ordered what and had to check several times.

Food: The pasta was cooked al dente, closer to the firmer side. You could tell the pasta was fresh, and they were fairly generous with the truffle shavings. However, the seasoning was a bit overwhelming, as it seemed to overpower the truffle flavour.

Overall: Seating was nice in a semi-private room, food was bene, but waiting half an hour for a reserved spot is not appreciated.",1
"Itching for an escape down south but can't swing the vacation days? Koreatown's El Asador offers an authentic Latin American experience, minus the pricey return flight. They boast the best tacos in town, which I can confirm from my own personal Toronto taco touring. As a vegetarian, it can be hard to find options that actually excite me, but El Asador's veggie tostadas come with delicious, fresh guac (and no, the guac is not extra!) and the veggie options are cheaper than the meat versions, which doesn't always happen.

If you're expecting a resort-like experience, El Asador may not live up to your 5-star expectations. But if you can get down with local living, you'll enjoy this no frills place, with picnic bench seating and plastic cups. The food is fantastic, the service is friendly, and the owner's expressive eyebrows (you'll know when you get there) are sure to make you smile. 

Affordable prices, a wide selection of beverages, and the new location offers more seating and a shorter wait.",2
"I've had my eye on this place for a while and it definitely met my expectations. It's a cute little family-owned restaurant. It had giant windows and clean decor. It was surprisingly empty on a Saturday afternoon. The servers were very friendly and attentive. 

I loved that the menu was simple and straightforward, so we weren't overwhelmed by too many choices. We ordered the braised beef noodles ($12 - they've raised the price from previously posted menus). We also got an order of pan fried dumplings to share ($9). We were really happy with everything we ordered. 

The prices are a little steeper than what you'd find in Chinatown, but their noodle portions were quite large and they gave an ample amount of beef. The restaurant was also much cleaner than the ones in Chinatown. 

I'd definitely make the trip back to try their other dishes!",2
"Came here for a team lunch and ordered the fixed menu because the main menu apparently wasn't fully available during lunch.....very confusing menu setup but ended up ordering the risotto and cheese fried balls and the roasted chicken.

The risotto cheese balls were surprisingly good because when the dish arrived it was very underwhelming. The balls had a really good crust and when i fried poked into one it had a really good cheese pull. What i also enjoyed was the tomato sauce at the bottom which cut the oiliness of the fried balls significantly, a really good match.

The chicken however was very disappointing. The chicken was very tender on the inside but that was probably because small chunks were undercooked and raw ish....the pasta under was kind of dry and clumped together. Lastly the texture was a little boring, there was a little bit of char on the skin but seems to be only from the salamander so the really wasn't a real crust on the chicken.

Overall the restaurant seemed good but just didnt get a good experience this time.",0
"Probably some of the most tasty food we had all weekend!! We walked about 6 miles to go to a comic book shop and decided we needed a snack. We ordered a 5 spice pork belly bao and a squid taco and headed back to our hotel. I noticed right away my bag was pretty heavy for only having two items and the smell coming from the bag was heavenly. Once we got to our room, hubby and I shared our ""snack"". OMG!! I'm so so sad wE didn't order more! We argued about which was better- I say squid, he says bao. Either which way, whEn we return for a concert in May- we'll come better prepared and more aware and definitely order more!

Customer service was great too- just throwing that out there!",2
"I love Ramen and every winter I'm in Japan . Was dying to try   legendary vegan Isshin ramen  since my English teaser highly recommended . TOO SALTY!! 
In Toronto way more better places . May b other dishes would tests batter , I never back to that one . 
Hope it helps",0
This spot is not bad. The room is ok but nothing exceptional nor disappointing. The food is decent but again neither exceptional nor disappointing. Meatballs were excellent but lasagna was served almost mashed in a bowl and just ok. The wine list is mediocre. Service was nice and friendly. P,1
"Tried Nodo tonight based on a recommendation from a work colleague. Tomorrow I will be giving this colleague a big high five. What a find! 

Nodo has the perfect fusion of rustic and culture...Italiano, of course. The staff seem to really care and provide just enough attention to the table so you don't have to wonder.

Special shout out to Emmanuel, a stand up guy and provides great recommendations. 

The food, no question, won't disappoint. We tried a variety of dishes, apps and deserts. I'd order it all again. 

Very easy five stars for Nodo.",2
"Terrible service. Despite seeing my party, they continued to ignore us until we stopped them while they were walking by us. Food was cold and did not taste good at all. Highly do not recommend.",0
"Came here with a few friends for dinner, we had a reservation. The high ceilings and ambient lighting make for a beautiful dining experience!

I ordered the SCIALATIELLI (don't ask me to pronounce this because I have no idea) as I can't have tomato-based pasta and this white pasta was recommended by the server. Of course, portion sizes are on the smaller side but the dish was very rich. We didn't order any appetizers but next time I come back I would definitely recommend sharing an appetizer in addition to the main, as I left a little bit hungry.

We also ordered a bottle of red wine to share, needles to say they only have Italian wines in their selection. 

Overall, it was a great experience to dine here with friends, we spent almost 4 HOURS here talking and having a great time! A part of that was because the server never came to check on us and we actually had to flag them down when we wanted to leave. Oh well!",2
"3.5 stars!

I came here for a pitcher of sangria while I waited for DaiLo to open for dinner service. The staff wasn't the most welcoming and the sangria tasted like straight-up soda. I can't really speak to the food since I wasn't planning on dining here but people poured in right at opening time so that must be a good sign. 

Maybe the food here is phenomenal but I wasn't obsessed with my bar experience. Just ok.",1
"This was in a quieter area. The restaurant was really empty when I came on a weekday. They have a small patio area that is facing a small street. We were seated immediately but no one gave us the menus until 5 minutes later. The service was really slow despite the fact that it was early in the evening without many customers. I noticed they were training some employees that day, so only a few were serving the entire restaurant.

Appetizers: Me and my friends tried a few appetizers and we loved every single one of them.The arancini was great, it was so cheesy and the tomato sauce packed enough flavor. My favorite appetizer is definitely the chicken liver mousse though. The mousse was very flavorful and so smooth. The jelly with the mousse added a nice touch. Next best appetizer is the beef crudo. The aioli served with the beef crudo was amazing, and the beef crudo tasted so fresh overall. I say the chicken liver mousse and the beef crudo are a MUST GET here! 

Mains: The pasta we ordered was SOO SALTY! My group kept waving our server for more water. I hope all their pasta isn't like this, it could be the particular one we got. But the pasta was disappointing. The noodles were cooked nicely, but the sauce was just too salty. We also ordered a side dish of green beans which were alright.

In conclusion, I love the food here. The prices are decent. But I would probably stay away from the pasta that we got this time. Perhaps I will try another pasta next time. The service was slow and my table didn't get much attention from our server. I would have rated it higher if there was better service.",1
"Delicious tacos. I appreciated the 3 for $13 special. 

It's nice that this place is in a Food Hall, so that my husband and I could experience food from multiple places.",2
"If you want to pay for a virgin margarita for a regular priced margarita, by all means come to this place!",0
"This restaurant was fantastic dealing with some menu modifications that allergies required. Usually there is pushback from the kitchen but not this place. For that we are grateful. 

The modified meal was good, well cooked and an ok all round meal. The pasta in both meals was properly cooked and fresh. The veal however, not as good. It had large sections of charred burnt meat and was quite dry. 

Overall, the service was great, food...mediocre.",1
"El Catrin is good! Located in the heart of Toronto's Distillery District, it prides itself on its traditional Mexican-style cuisine in a casual, yet oh-so-slightly-upscale atmosphere.

The interior is very tastefully decorated and the restaurant features a large outdoor patio equipped with giant space heaters for colder days.

I went to El Catrin for lunch and tried the Pepito torta while my companion had the Huevos Rancheros. The steak sandwich was really well marinated and super tender. Go for it! Oh, and we had the tableside-made guacamole with the tortilla chips (which turned out to be pretty excellent). You should go for that as well.

There aren't too many great options for food near Corktown/Distillery District, so give El Catrin a try next time you're around.",1
"It is Valentine's Day, I was so happy my boyfriend came from the Netherlands to visit and we had the best day exploring the city, afterwards we were too tired to go out so opted to order in some good Mexican food! 

We consider ourselves taco connoisseurs, and often indulge in a tasty tactac. We were VERY excited to have so many taco options so we ordered 3 soft shells and 3 crispy shells (as other Mexican enthusiasts may know, is not as common as people may think to have both shells) 

To provide more context you didn't ask for ... this was the first MUCH anticipated spot on our taco tour of Toronto. 

We have a methodical and detailed evaluation system in place for reviewing and ranking our tacsperiences - the system ranks the following on a scale of 1-5 (5 being the best) ; 

flavour and freshness (1)
Moisture (0)
Mouth feel (1)
Crunch (0)
Contents to Shell ratio (0)
Cheese Quality (0 - cheese unaccounted for, still looking for it)
Smell (2)
Overall (4/35) 

This may seem bitter, however, we are AS unbiased as they come. 
Furthermore, we are highly liberal individuals. Our disappointment is immeasurable yet our day is not ruined, because we still have each other, and our view is lovely (will include pic) 

We hope this is a one off, and the in person experience is better than delivery.",0
Social distancing is in effect.  If I remember correctly you can't go inside the shop without wearing a mask.  People were lining up patiently today near 4:30 this afternoon.  The roast pork all gone.  Grabbed a duck.,2
"The pasta is really good. You can tell it's homemade once you take a bite. However, prices are quite high with portion sizes small. I ordered the duck pasta and felt I wanted more pasta but I guess it's filling but I don't think it's worth the price. I love my desserts but all their desserts were over $15 so I passed. The service was good and attentive.

They do not do separate cheques. Therefore, if you come with a large group be prepared to grab your calculators so you can split the bill easier. I'm a little annoyed that the host never checked me in with my open table reservation which resulted in a warning email from Open Table for a No Show. He did resolve it after the phone call but it was quite inconvenient to have to call the restaurant to have them fix the problem.",1
"Yum yum yum! This place is now at the top of my favorite Mexican places. While on a walking tour, our tour guide told us to try out El Trompo if we were hungry so that's exactly what we did. We didn't have to wait for a table but when we left there was a little line forming. 

I got the fish tacos and the house marg and DANG that was the best house margarita I have had in a very long time! The spicy mayo sauce on the tacos was amazing and the guacamole was out of this world!!! 

Highly recommend this place for some good food without all the fuss!",2
"Good take-out place with well-priced specials each day for the price of $4.99 before tax.  Went here on a whim and ordered the Sunday specials of eggplant tofu on rice and BBQ chicken leg.  You get what you pay for.  Greasy more than flavourful.  It is delicious in comforting way.  The hot and sour soup was plenty hot but not sour enough.  Service was brisk and abrupt.  Seems to be frequented by students and there's a bit of a language barrier.

Not particularly motivated to try it again in the future no matter what the price point could be.",0
"Famiglia Baldassarre is located on Geary around Dovercourt/Dupont. It is hidden in an industrial area and has been one of the most talked about places in Toronto for pasta! They also supply the pasta for a lot of Toronto's top restaurants and chefs. Only downside is that they are only open from Tues to Fri from 12pm to around 2pm for lunch. You can also buy their fresh pasta as well to make at home. I finally had a chance to try Famiglia Baldassarre on my day off.

Famiglia Baldassarre has a small space for eating in (4 tables, 10 chairs); I shared a table as I had come alone. What's great about the space is that you can also watch the staff busily making pasta and other delicious items. The changing menu is posted on a blackboard and uploaded to their IG stories. Usually there are 2 kinds of pasta dishes and a variety of smaller dishes (beets, burrata, etc.), as well as drinks.

I arrived at Famiglia Baldassarre on a Wednesday morning at around 11:15am where I was the 2nd in line (did not have to wait). How it works is that you order at the counter before finding a seat. The sign at the door states that you must order before finding a seat so that you don't bud the line or hold up a table. That day, I ordered the cavatelli with rapini and anchovies. I also ordered some fresh burrata cheese. The burrata cheese was to die for - very fresh and delicious with the free bread that they provide. The only thing missing was a glass of wine! The pasta itself was super fresh, al dente and had a good texture. The sauce was not heavy and it coated the cavatelli well. 

Overall, friendly staff and delicious food. If I ever have the chance to have a day off again, definitely would line up for Famiglia Baldassarre again!",2
"Delicious and authentic Italian food in Yorkville. I came for a weekday lunch and the restaurant was bustling with business by noon time. Sadly they don't take reservations here, so come early or prepare to wait a bit for a table.

I ordered the Mafalde al Funghi and as a truffle lover, I absolutely LOVED this dish and would order it again in a heartbeat (despite so many other appealing dishes on the menu!). The dish is deliciously aromatic, creamy, and rich in mushroom flavor. The ribbon-like pasta shape is also eye-catching, making the dish appear more appetizing and more unique than your typical pasta dish.

Seating was a bit tight and the restaurant got pretty loud once the lunch crowd came in, but it was still a fantastic meal overall.",2
"Lee Chen is an upscale chinese restaurant in the core of the downtown area. Unlike the more dingy (or more authentic) restaurants on Spadina, Lee Chen is carefully decorated and has more catered service. It is the kind of place you bring your in-laws for family dinners and not your friends after a night out. It is deceptively large since it spans the full basement level of the building, so it is easy to find seating.

Expect to find the usual Americanized Chinese dishes here, with flavors that are catered to the general population. Don't expect to find the more 'exotic' dishes or the sharp flavors that Chinese cuisine has to offer.",1
"Popped into this place around noon and it was absolutely packed. Had a quick look at the menu and thought it was quite nice. We were doing a little food tour on Roncy so didn't want to consume a full meal before we had a chance to sample all of the beautiful offering that the local shops had on offer. 

We walked the stretched and managed find find a few small things to munch on. 

After the walk back, I suggested we get some tacos at Cinco. 

Was provided some awesome tortilla chips at no cost. They had a wide selection of salas at no additional cost as well which was very nice. 

Before I forget, the waitress was exceptional. She had notice that we had popped in earlier and was surprised to see us back a couple hours later. 

The food was spectacular. I ordered the mixed pork 'gourmet' taco - consisting of pork belly, loin and some other delicious ingredients ~$8 and change. My SO ordered the three for $10 and got the fish (2) and beef (1). 

Quite honestly, the food here is delicious and worth the wait. Yes we were there off peak hours and so not everything would have been prepared quickly - so there was a bit of a wait - but it was really delicious (almost as good as Seven Lives in Kensington Market. 

The decor was also very nice and just generally a great experience.",2
"Came here for a late lunch with my boyfriend. Love the ambience and the decor of this place. Unfortunately, this was the highlight of the entire meal. Service was very lack-lustre, perhaps we caught them at a time when they were recovering from the lunch rush. A bit disappointing considering there were only a couple of tables and you'd think service would then be on point.

We shared the frutti di mare, some olives, and the chitarra carbonara, and a couple of glasses of wine. The frutti di mare was quite fresh, but the portion was quite small considering the price point. The olives were pretty delicious and was a great little appy. Unfortunately, the carbonara, which looked amazing was flavourless, dry, and lacked any seasoning. The egg itself was fantastic but barely provided any flavour or added any creaminess to the pasta.

I was really looking forward to finding a staple Italian restaurant nearby, but with all the other Italian restaurants in the area, I can't really think of any reason, why we'd come back to Taverna Mercatto.",0
"Let me just say right off the bat: THEY HAVE ALL YOU CAN EAT CHIPS AND GUACAMOLE!!!!!!!!!
You can literally buy a large chips and guacamole for 6 dollars and just keep eating until your full. For seven people!!!!!! I would know I've done it!
It's literally heaven! 
There other food is amazing as well but c'mon!
After the eight refills of my large platter of chips and quacamole I was in no position to complain",2
"Very cheap lunch specials of 6.99, variety of stews with rice and noodles are amazing. You can always taste the fresh vegtebales which is amazing.

This is not a luxury or beautiful place the food is good quality and cheap.

Don't forget the forun cookie also cash for lunch special.",2
"Based on the ratings and reviews I was very excited to check this place out. I ordered a ""large chicken burrito"" which cost 14$. I got a really authentic vibe when I walked in. However, the burrito was one of the cheapest ones I've ever eaten. I asked for guacamole.... no guacamole. It was majority lettuce, rice, and bread from the overlapped wrap. Had to search just to find any chicken, very minimal. It was very dry, barely any sauce. Cheese was not good quality. All flavours were very bland. Extremely disappointing, for $14 I expect at minimum good size/quantity but didn't even get that.",0
It was under cooked noodle and no savory at all in my pasta. Overpriced and it's not worth to paying for it.,0
"So many unique flavours and must try items! 

First of all, I could eat the hot dry noodles every single day. I would not leave without at least trying the noodles. The sesame undertones were perfect, and the noodles had a great kick to them.

I don't think you can really go wrong with the duck wings, legs, or neck. All three are similar yet very different. I found the wings spiciest, but not every one at the table agreed with me. So perhaps there was just a very spicy wing or two. I personally prefer the legs as they aren't as ""bony"" as the legs, but the flavour is so bold on both that both are worth a try. Very strong flavours of anise and Sichuan peppercorns throughout. The pork necks are similar to oxtail in the fact that you need to work around little bones, but they make for a pretty perfect salty snack. I would probably recommend sharing them.",2
"Maybe I didn't know what to expect but the wings are served cool and are mostly skin and bone. Did not do it for me. The noodles were hot and flavorful but the sesame texture is quite chalky and I didn't find myself wanting to eat more than a few big bites full. Mostly just noodles, a little sauce and some garnish.",0
"Be warned that if you come here your meal will be really spicy hot as their name indicates. Don't come here if you can't handle the heat. There's not much on the menu that's not hot - but for those that love that addicting numbing feeling of Sichuan spice then this is the place for you. The one dish I've had that's not spicy is their garlic pea sprouts - wow I didn't even know that pea sprouts was a vegetable that ppl ate but now it's my fav veggie lol. 

I see some complaints about the fish being full of bone and I also had that complaint previously  however they've since changed the way they serve the fish and now there are no longer any bones in the pickled cabbage fish hotpot.

This place is definitely one of my favourite Sichuan restaurants downtown. 

The service is ok, sometimes a slow...and service quality depends on who you have, the guy is a bit rude and most of the girls are nice but like who goes to chinese restaurants for the service lol  (if you do...well you shouldn't).",2
"Reminds me of Manhattan Italian restaurants in winter. Cozy. Traditional with a bit of a contemporary twist.

The service is charming and exemplary.

Quite decent wine. I'm not much of a connoseur at all (considering I can't spell it) but I'm routinely disappointed with the selections in most places.

I had the Wild Boar which was much more tender and succulent than expected. The bread appetizer was mediocre, but everything else was quite good especially considering the reasonable price.

The vibe there is really nice too. This will be my go-to Italian restaurant from now on. Loved it.",2
"Sotto Sotto has been on my list for a long time and I was happy to be able to dine there recently.

The waiter kept asking us repeatedly if we want sparkling water and we had to tell him at least 3-4 times that we don't. Finally we got our actual drinks and wanted to place the food order. For some reason, the waiter stopped coming to our table. We witnessed other tables order and eat their appetizers and order and get their entrees while we got no service. Finally after being in the restaurant for over 30 minutes (and not placed an order yet) my wife had enough and left the table to find the manager. During this time, the waiter came to our table and said ""I saw you were talking, I didn't want to interrupt you"" which is a rather odd excuse - were we supposed to sit in silence to get serviced?

My wife returned with the manager who was a class act and we got assigned another waiter who was attentive and fantastic for the rest of the night. We decided to share the risotto. I'm not claiming to be expert in Italian food despite being in Italy for over 10 times, but the rice was simply too hard. I'm aware of the fact that you're not supposed to overcook it to a point where it's mushy but too hard is too hard. I was hoping to eat Italian food that's spectacular but it was actually below average and very pricey.",0
"Stepped into the restaurant and was surrounded by endless tanks of freakishly large crabs. We got the Hong Kong style lobster (4.83 lbs) lunch set that included soup, fried rice, snow pea with goji berries, and dessert. It was nice that we got a bunch of different dishes to try. We also had a lot of food at the end to take home too

Honestly though I started to get sick of the lobster after a few bites since it is fried and quite oily. I ended up eating the veggies/fried rice instead! I also find I prefer lobster fried with ginger and scallion more than HK style. Service was incredibly slow when we went.

Overall I think it was good to try, but I don't know if I would return again. I think it'd be good for special occasions or to treat people that like seafood due to the visual wow factor of the dish though!",1
"Came on a Saturday evening at 5:30 and it was empty. I had this place on my list of food to try and was looking forward to checking in and getting a free dessert. 

I was sad when they told me there wasn't any more panna cotta left which is what they would normally give as the free dessert. 

I ordered the Smoked Prosciutto pizza which wasn't bad, I enjoyed the dough as it was crispy but still fluffy inside. Looks like they make everything fresh by hand which is nice. I will try have to try the pasta next time.",1
"Mi Taco Taqueria is a festive bright takeout/sit down place to grab a couple tacos and a drink. You order at the cashier and they give you a number so that you can seat yourself during the wait. They have a colorful seating area in the back, with interesting lights and banners to envoke a festive charm to the small space.

We ordered the guac and chips, and 6 tacos. The guac is on the small side but tastes fresh with plenty of herbs and bright flavors. Between the 6 tacos that we had, I prefered the carnitas and the sliced beef tacos the most. The flavoring was the most interesting, while the others were okay but at times a little bland. At $5-6 a peice, the tacos are not cheap but it can be expected due to the popular location.",1
"I came here with a group of friends and I have to say I wasn't very impressed.

It took us a long time to even get enough menus that we could share. The menus are confusing as there is a large place-mat like sheet you can use, or the menu book with pictures.

Then they tried to sell us a membership. Really? A membership? When I looked at the menu again there are 2 different prices. The cheaper one is the membership price and is of course brighter and more prominent than the higher non-member price. 

We ordered a variety of items and they were all meh. A few items we had to ask for again as they were forgotten. 

The staff run around yelling at each other and its really annoying and disturbing. 

When we finished and tried to pay, the waiter tried to split our bill and half way through asking each of us what we ordered he gave up and gave it to another server, so we had to start over again.

I wouldn't go again unless I went with someone with one of these fancy memberships.",0
"Okay, so I found my new favourite Latin spot. I was frequenting the other Playa Cabana on Dundas W - however they changed their menu and all went to hell in my opinion. I recently dined at Playa Cabana and was wow'd. This place really needs 5 stars because the food was AMAZING, but it gets 4 stars because the service was pretty bad. 

It wasn't busy at all when I walked in, maybe 2 tables were full. I kinda already knew what I wanted (who else checks the menu before hand) lol. 

Ordered the short rib tacos because holy hell it sounded amazing, short rib enchiladas (yes, I love short rib) grilled Mexican corn, the tres leche cake & Churros. Relax, relax, I wasn't alone. The tacos were delicious, please please don't change the menu! I have to say the Enchiladas were my favourite. The beans had so much flavour, the sauces were perfect & the combination of all the flavours with the extra sauces on the table made my life complete! The grilled corn was okay, but nothing special. 

Moving on to the highlight - Dessert! Wow! The Churros were actually fucking amazing. So crunchy, so much sugar. The cake was nothing like I've tasted, so moist and light. I could have eaten 3 slices! 

PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE MENU! I will be back! 

Keep Eating, 
Angela",2
"I honestly love this restaurant and Mama Rosa, the cook. She is really the star of the show. Her food is delicious, home-style Italian cooking. And the prices are very reasonable, which is something you cannot find too often in Toronto.
The place is always packed and for good reason.",2
"This might be the best restaurant in Toronto! Even during social-distancing, delivery has been easy and delicious.",2
"Special tacos are $6, which is more expensive than I am used to spending on tacos but you are also paying for unique, higher quality tacos. We had the Baja Fish and Carnitas tacos and they were delicious. Definitely a must-try place in Toronto.

Like many places in Kensington, the place is quite small and there aren't many seats. Be prepared to either stand at their standing tables or stand outside and eat. We stood at one of the standing tables which was fine because it doesn't take long to consume their delicious tacos.",2
"Huge portion soup with free refills! I did not expect so much food for $10.
The thai curry flavour soup was very good. I threw in all the toppings without thinking and it turned out great, nothing went overboard. Will definitely come back to try the other soups.",2
"We had a team member who was leaving work to pursue his dream job and we took him out for lunch. This place was suggested and quickly liked by a few.   

The restaurant managers/owners generally I think underestimate the power of mentioning a bit more details on the menu or at least a server who is knowledgeable about ingredients. In the absence of information I went the safest route of ordering a plain congee and a steamed bun. My order would easily have been more than double if the right information was provided. 

So on the limited items that I could have, my review is not a review per se. One cannot mess up a Congee and a bun.

However the food did not arrive all together and out of respect for others, all of us had to wait. Which resulted in food going cold. 

The congee and bun were as good as they can be",1
The seafood pasta was incredible! We enjoyed everything about our meal. My husband had a sausage penne with a spicy red sauce and loved his entree as well. This restaurant did a great job from start to finish. Service was good and the desserts were decent too! The only reason I'm not Giving 5 stars is because I ordered creme brûlée and it was not creme brûlée it was more of a panacata. Still great but maybe the pastry chef might be confused! I would definitely come back here and recommend for a special occasion or night out. Great wine selection too.,2
"I think I set my expectations too high for this place. Being chinese I keep hearing how good the dim sum was in toronto. I studied Yelp for a good while trying to find a dim sum place with good reviews. I looked at all different menus from different places and decided on this place. It was cash only so I had money exchanged after we crossed into Canada. We drove 2 hours (there was traffic) to get there. Had to pay for parking. It was a small hole in the wall place with literally 8 small tables total. I've been in many hole in the walls so no judging there...especially if the taste of the food was out of this world good! Not in this case...I must say that I've had better dim sum at a mediocre place in VA. MD by far has the best dim sum so if you're in the Rockville area, try out the dim sum there, both Cantonese and Taiwanese style! 
Anyways my family liked it but their not Chinese (my mixed family of Blasians) so to them, dim sum is dim sum. They did agree that we have better dim sum back home in VA/MD. 
The selection wasn't as great either but I did see the cook in the back making the dumplings fresh. My youngest son love dumplings and he commented that it wasn't as good as my mom's lol. Duh..of course grandma makes the best dumplings. 
The server was very nice but we wont be back. Dont believe the hype! Or at least not from here.",1
"Outstanding food and service.  
Great place to take that special someone. 

Live music was awesome.  

James",2
"YUM! What a nice, unexpected, find! We were walking around the area for the Tower and the Aquarium, and stumbled across this place near our parking garage. We were the only people in there when we first arrived. The hostess was welcoming and we decided to sit up at the bar area. 

Our server was quick to grab us some menus and take drink orders. They have a decent sized menu and the pasta was noted as something to get in reviews, so I went with that recommendation. Per usual, fellow Yelpers didn't let me down. They were happy to do spaghetti noodle with their bolognase sauce, despite it not technically being a menu option. 

Food was fresh. The noodle were perfectly al dente. The sauce tasted great and had a decent amount of meat in there to make it very hearty. 

Overall: A
Great spot near some tourist things to do, so grab a bite, a drink, and refuel for more adventuring!",2
Horrible service. I used Yelp waitlist feature and arrived on time. We stood by the door for 20 minutes and nobody bothered to check on us. All the servers were chatting amongst themselves. No single exchange of words at all with their customers.,0
"My friends and I made a reservation here at 5:30pm as I heard that this place gets busy fairly quickly and we were seated immediately and as we left, there was a short line forming. Service here was amazing!!! The servers were very pleasant and were very informed with the menu and answered all the questions we had about it. I ordered the margarita pizza, named as ""Regina pizza"" on the menu. It was very good and I enjoyed my time here as it was a very splendid experience and I am glad I came here since I do not eat Italian food that often.",2
"I've eaten here twice with my kids when visiting ChinaTown. They talk about it like it was the best meal of their lives :). And I swear I'm actually a good cook!
The dumplings are delicious. 
It is a tiny downstairs spot that you might walk right by. And I think we were the only tourists.  
But if you want something authentic and inexpensive, I definitely recommend. 
Service is friendly and what lacks in presentation they make up for in flavour",2
"Cozy Ramen place with excellent service! Loved the spicy miso Ramen - I liked how the Ramen was loaded with sprouts, gave it a different feel altogether! Pork was amazing and juicy! I also tried their sake cocktail- I am a sake lover now! 
Definitely visiting again !",2
"Came here for dinner. 
Ambience - one level up to casual dining.
Service - super good. The waitress had all the patience to explain and list out the options. She suggested some nice vegetarian options too
Vegetarian options - many
Order:
Ham pizza - so so 
Eggplant pizza - good
Roasted chicken - good 
Two rose sauce pasta - super good
One creamy mushroom pasta - this was not good at all. Lacked flavour.
Tiramisu - not good.
Price - not bad

So my suggestion here is the rose sauce.",2
"Small, cold (in the winter!), drabby looking, and to be honest, a little pricier than average... And yet there's a good reason they feature a line up every time: amazing Chinese barbeque style meat.

What We Got: roast pork, duck wings and duck feet
What We Liked: all of it.
What We Didn't: the lack of heat during long winter line ups...!
What We'll Get Next: they've got curry beef brisket for $10 and I have to try that. Plus more roast pork.
Also got some solid lunch specials.

YOU SHOULD BRING A FRIEND WHO SPEAKS CANTONESE OR READS CHINESE. Tucked away on the southeast side of Midland and Mcnicoll, it's easy to miss. And when you get into the plaza, it's also easy to miss because it's rather  unadorned, and sits next to another Chinese barbeque spot.

Anyway, once you get in.... this is the ultimate NO DECOR, NO FANCY STUFF, NO FRILLS (actually moreso than the grocery store), OG style Chinese barbeque place.

All the signs are in Chinese and they're taped up in random places. They ain't here to look pretty. There will probably be a line up of grannies and grampies and uncles and aunties... And that's when you know the people KNOW. This is good barbeque.

Fast and efficient service.

Cuts of meat were soooo crunchy, tender, delicious.

SOURCE OF MY NEW CRAVINGS.

I'LL BE BACK.",2
"Came here with my company after our training and was spoiled with Byblos' amazing service and delectable $85 course menu. Upon seeing the menu, I assumed that we would choose one plate within each section; little did I know that we actually get served all 11 dishes and share family style!

My neighbour was vegetarian, and Byblos made a great effort to create fitting and suitable dishes to ensure that he had an equally enjoyable experience. He had an equally massive portion for each modification, and naturally wasn't able to finish it all - so I was fortunate to also sample his plates. As a result, I swear my dinner ended up being upwards of 15 courses...

First Course
Roasted Red Beets
Sweet beets dipped in what I suspect to be honey were served on a bed of labneh, a tangy substance similar to Greek yogurt. We had a plentitude of barbari bread, a long bread topped with spices and olive oil, which was intended to be eaten with the yogurt. Though good, this dish didn't particularly stand out to me.

Steak Tartare
Topped with labneh, the minced raw steak was marinated in red chili. Subsequently, it had a very nice mildly spicy kick. It was quite enjoyable, and I found the flavours stood out even more when eaten without the labneh. Unlike what's stated on their site, however, we weren't given pita to accompany the dish.

Lamb Ribs
Though most people rave about this dish, I actually didn't quite enjoy it. The meat was tender and fell off the bone quite easily; however, I found it to be too sweet and overly seasoned. In my opinion, the date molasses was overpowering and stole away from all the other flavours.

Second Course
Fig
This salad, with its leafy greens, creamy tangy cheese, crunchy seeds, and sweet vinaigrette, is honestly one of my favourite salads in the city. I'm fairly sure I had one entire bowl to myself - I loved it that much! It's a great light dish that serves well as a palette cleanser in between the meat dishes.

Ora King Salmon
The salmon was perfectly cooked! The flesh was outstandingly moist while the skin was delightfully crunchy. Again, I'm not embarrassed to admit that I probably had one full fillet to myself (the number of dishes far exceeded the number of people at my table). I wasn't the biggest fan of the tomato harissa / sumac sauce, but the dish was well executed.

Black Truffle Pide
I didn't realize what I was missing out on until I sampled this dish. A melted melange of cheese and truffle was hugged and enveloped by a hearty carby flat bread. This pide is dangerous!

At this time, my friend was also served his veggie options. He had a Wild Mushroom pide, which frankly paled in comparison to the black truffle one. He was also given an off-menu item - a delicious hummus served with pita bread topped with olive oil. I had some and it was great hummus!

Third Course
Dry Aged Ribeye
This steak was amazing! It was perfectly cooked to a beautiful medium rare, served atop smoked eggplant. The flavours were so rich and buttery, and the meat was tender and flavourful. I had two pieces and wanted more. At this point in time, most of us were filling up, so we ended up having a lot of steak leftover (almost two full plates put together). But fear not! I don't let any food go to waste, and asked for it to go (although the portion given to me ended up being much smaller... I had only two pieces of steak).

Black Truffle Rice
This basmati rice was so fragrant - I really do think the addition of fresh mushrooms made a significant difference in highlighting the earthy and umami flavours. I wasn't as big a fan of the creme fraiche, and wished we didn't mix it together. The addition of fried shallots and chickpeas also added a lovely crunch and texture.

Grilled Carrots
This was a simple side dish that was really well executed. The perfect companion to the meaty ribeye.

My vegetarian friend was given Roasted Brussels Sprouts (I'm honestly certain they're fried) which were undoubtedly one of the best executed vegetable dishes of the night. I particularly enjoyed the creamy tahini and yogurt that lightly dressed the veggies. I enjoyed the cauliflower a little less. He was also given Thrice-Cooked Fries, which were amazingly crispy.

Desserts
Hazelnut Chocolate Mousse
I don't know how I managed to eat another bite, and yet I almost singlehandedly demolished this entire plate. The mousse was so creamy, encased in a crunchy chocolate shell. I loved the sugar toffee hazelnuts, which added a satisfying crunch. Would definitely order again, because I'm a sucker for chocolate mousse.

Baklava 
I've had this dish before, and still don't particularly enjoy it...

The service was absolutely phenomenal! The servers are very approachable, attentive, and patient. They take the time to explain each dish, including cocktails. I really did enjoy my signature cocktail (the Geographer), though the alcohol went straight to my head. I love Byblos and look forward to coming again!",2
"Totally disappointing - everything is definitely on the over-seasoned/extremely salty side. Or totally BURNT! 

The chips we were served were totally burnt and we were told they were the batch of the day and there was nothing they can do about it. (Check pic)

The chips were followed by a totally burnt batch of corn- were not talking grill marks here, crust black corn. We were told that how it's severed (no it's not, we've been here before!). Is there no one to check what comes out of the kitchen??

To add insult to injury chewed on an avocado pit in the guacamole. 

Hosting and service were another issue. Extremely disappointing experience all in all. Fails at all basic hospitality and restaurant standard.",0
"It is on the $$ side so I expected a great meal. I ordered Spaghetti Carbonara. I can't believe the fatty bacon in this dish. I basically picked out all of the bacon grizzle and ate the spaghetti which, aside from the bacon was good. 

The atmosphere in this establishment is uptight. The tables are too close together, you feel crammed in. It did not make for a very relaxed evening.",0
"Growing up in Toronto, I never realized how lucky I was to be surrounded by amazing taco places but after being exposed to mediocre Mexican food for a year while away at college I found myself falling in love with La Carnita.

I came here with two friends on a summer afternoon and sat out on the patio. We ordered 5 tacos and tortilla chips with dip to share, my friend got the street corn for herself (which she loved) and I ordered the iced horchata for myself (which was delicious). 

Overall, the tacos and chips were quite flavorful and enjoyable to share between the three of us. Each taco was STUFFED with filling and sauce without the tortilla getting too soggy (which is a FEAT for most restaurants) but for $5 -$7 I was disappointed they were pretty small relative to other taco places around Toronto. 

I'd come back again for the atmosphere, the tacos, and to try the sangria/cocktails!",2
"This small restaurant isn't a place I would have chosen myself but was suggested to me by a local Torontonian. Stelvio has a location in Toronto as well as in Milan, so my expectations were set really high. The service was great but honestly the food didn't meet my expectations. 
Being a vegetarian my options were limited, so I went with the mushroom risotto. By the time it got to my table it was cold, likely because of the way they plate it; a thin layer of risotto in a large bowl, almost looks like a porridge. 
My colleagues went with the prosciutto and beef wrapped around a thick wooden dowel, which came with polenta fries and looked rather unique, they seemed to enjoy it. 
Wines are all on the pricey side... amarone starts at $185...
All in all I was expecting more.",1
Great spot for really good Italian. My wife loved it here for her birthday. Food was great and service top notch. Worth a try.,2
"The service was great and the ambiance was nice too. I most definitely will come back for drinks.

However, the food was too pricey and the portions too small - it wasn't worth it.
My boyfriend got the Alambre vegetariano for $18, which consisted of 3 tiny tacos filled with a bit of veggies and a small rice tower next to it. For that price he was expecting a nice and filling meal, not a sad appetizer sized meal.",1
"GB Hand-pulled Noodles truly has the best hand pulled noodles in the area! Even though the place is small and stuffy sometimes, I keep on coming back because of the food. GB's noodles are made fresh to order and they are delightful - love the texture! I've literally tried all of the noodle dishes on the menu and I absolutely love all of them.

First of all, the beef noodle is great, the broth is so flavourful! It comes in various sizes but I think that the small one is big enough for me. I would say my favourite soup noodle from GB is the Braised Beef Tendon Noodles, but sadly they only have that on Fridays and weekends. They are pretty generous on the amount of beef tendon they give. My most recent visit was during my vegetarian week - so I tried the vegetable noodles with vegetable broth. It was pretty good, and it definitely still hits the spot even without beef! 
They also have dry noodles, my favourite has to be the pork sauce. Their pork sauce is very tasty (a little bit salty though, but it's perfect after you mix everything with the noodles!) and the vegetables they provide in the noodle definitely helped to balance it all out. Their tomato egg is alright too, but it does not stand out as much.
For all of the dishes you can choose your noodle type/width. I usually go for either flat or the widest one! It's also worth mentioning that for the price, the portion size is really good. Most of the time I can't finish the noodles except when I'm starving.
They also have a lot of side dishes - the side dish menu has really expanded since my last visit. I love the jellyfish and the seaweed salad!

Service is quick and efficient too, it's not the best but it's one of the better ones for fast-paced restaurants like this in downtown Toronto. 10/10 would recommend :)",2
Loved the eclectic decor!! We had the beet and kale salad-delicious!! Pesto bread- so good and the spaghetti pomodoro- amazing!!! We will be back!!,2
"The service was fast, staff was friendly. Their soup wanton was so good I had to get two orders! The soup within the steamed dumpling was complimented beautifully with their pickled ginger & red vinegar! The pork belly bao was interesting since you can construct it yourself, and the flavour of the marinated pork was mouthwatering. However, the menu is very long and the main dishes   are an afterthought compared to their dim sum.",2
"After many friends had recommended this place, I decided to try it. Honestly, it was pretty overrated. The tortillas weren't great, and the guac was just alright. Glad I tried it because the place is cool, but the food is pretty forgettable.",1
"Disappointed.

I came here for dinner and the experience was underwhelming overall. 

The ambience is nice. The service was adequate and efficient. However, the food was disappointing. The food wasn't bad, but just not what I expected for the price.",0
"This seafood restaurant is touted as ONE of the most popular places to eat at, and I very much agree! It comes with the caviot that your wallet will take a huge hit..so be prepared to foot a bill between $100~$500 or more.

For context, my total bill came up to $500 and some change for the (E) item on the menu alone, and I came with a family of 5. It DEFINITELY fed all of us with some leftovers for dinner which I'm very satisfied with.

The atmosphere is very pretty as the walls are lined up with lobsters and king crabs in tanks. YOU GET TO TAKE PICTURES OF YOUR LOBSTER & KING CRAB OF CHOICE BEFORE THEY COOK IT! Very spacious restaurant, washroom conveniently found at the entrance, and tables are appropriately sized and spaced out.

Service was very speedy and kind. They often checked in on us to ask if we'd like to exchange our plate full of crab shells for new plate to eat on. Complimentary macarons as oppose to fortune cookies was a nice touch.

Food & taste. For the 1 item we ordered I feel everything was adequately flavoured. The ""steamed crab meat with egg white & salted egg yolk"" may taste slightly bland to some but I think it's a good dish to balance all the other seasoned courses. My favourite is definitely the tower of lobster meat with the spicy french fries!

The one thing that stood out to me above all else is how expensive most items on the menu are. It's not a complaint but surely something to consider when deciding for which course(s) you want to order for your group in the present and future visits.

OVERALL: I highly recommend Fisherman Lobster Clubhouse Restaurant! Make RSVPs for your group ahead of time because it gets busy.",2
"A fine dining for really good steaks, wonderful service and  exclusive ambiance. 

The servers are knowledgeable and well trained to ensure you have a great experience while you are there. The Sea Food Tower has a nice combination of fresh selections. The Snake River Wagyu is really great! Almost melts in mouth. 

It is at the higher end on price. But the ambiance and quality makes it justifiable. They also have valet parking, which definitely makes life easy.",2
My absolute favourite! Keep coming back for the amazing lamb chops and fantastic service. I've never had to wait to be seated for our reservation and waiters are always prompt and polite.,2
"This seemingly small place serves some delicious food. It looks small from the outside but is actually quite spacious on the inside. We went in early February, and were seated right away. 

I ordered the ground sausage & roasted red pepper pizza, and my best friend ordered the lamb meatballs. We also got an appetizer of the fresh bread (not complimentary). Everything was incredibly delicious. The service was great everyone was so polite. The pizza crust was the perfect texture of just a tiny crispy on the outside, while soft and fluffy on the inside. The lamb meatballs' flavour was very rich (and not too rich), and their sauce was to die for. 

We left feeling extremely full, with tummies satisfied. I will definitely return to this restaurant in the future.",2
"We had the duck ragu made gluten free and it was superb. It was so good that we ordered a second plate and shared it between us. Normally I would have ordered it regular but wanted to see what the gluten free option tasted like - did not disappoint at all. Rich, flavourful and if we were not in a restaurant setting likely would have licked the plate clean.

For drinks had a couple of Granatos. Vodka, fresh grapefruit, house made grenadine and bitters.

Can't wait to have both again.",2
"Great little place decorated with blinking Christmas lights and coloured picnic tables. Their tacos are reasonably priced ($5-7) and really filling. The guac and chips ($11) are always good to share. Sometimes their tacos might be a bit dry but they have some spicy sauce and salsa on the side!! 

Great place for a chill and cheap weeknight dinner.",2
"This is yet another restaurant in Chinatown which specializes in homemade dumplings and Northern Chinese cuisine. 

I came here only because Yummy Dumplings was closed for lunch on Wednesday, so I ended up here to satisfy my dumpling cravings. 

I ordered the pork & chives dumplings (boiled) which was so so. The skin was thicker than I'm used to but still acceptable & you get 16 dumplings for $7.99. The XLB soup dumplings came next. It was presented in the usual bamboo steamer and you get 10 small bite size pieces. It certainly wasn't my favourite because the skin was thick & some seemed under cooked. The pork filling was okay but the soup content wasn't very consistent. Some were not replete with soup when biting into them and overall wasn't very satisfying. Also it's typically served with some fresh ginger on the side to make your dipping sauce but they don't here. Maybe their Xian style dishes are what they are best known for but it certainly wasn't the dumplings.",0
"The first thing that'll happen when you arrive (after a tiny struggle to find this place cus it's in the corner where the main entrance is) is that you'll be greeted by the nicest lady everrrrr! You can order at the counter for takeout or have a seat by the windows and she'll come over to take you order.

We ordered the alfredo pasta and a pizza. Pizza was a thin flatbread style pizza topped with some cheapo cheese. The alfredo pasta was a good size for the price but really tasted like nothing special. Pasta wasn't homemade and the sauce was pretty average. 

Service over Food here!",1
"We have been here for takeout a few times here. Remember its CASH ONLY so pack those 20 bills. I really liked their dim sum sampler, with classic dumplings like shrimp and seafood. I would recommend the dim sum sampler over their dishes.",1
"Such an amazing experience! We enjoyed our dinner last night for my husband's 40th bday! The food was amazing! The layout of the restaurant was excellent with crabs and lobsters in fish tanks; like Red lobster on steroids! 

If you're from America, they only take Canadian debit/credit/cash or American Dollar, heads up!

We were brought or shall I say they dragged a grey bucket to our table with a 6lb king crab to get our approval and we chose three different styles of flavors. Then, they brought plate by plate our meals and it was sooooo much food for two. The style is family sharing like most authentic Asian restaurants! 

My husband and I did well, actually he did well I just assisted! This is a must eat restaurant! The veggies they bring are just fillers though, I love veggies but they were flavorless! So they remained on the plate while the star of the show was defeated!

What I loved was there were plenty of waiters to help at all time, they went from table to table to check on you. But, we had one whi looked as if he was a manager and he was awesome. He gave amazing tips on what to order and we were satisfied on our choices. He wore a blue shirt instead of a black shirt, so I'm figuring he was management!",2
"Bar Buca was the perfect place to come for a nice coffee and pastry.  My wife and I were venturing the city on a Saturday morning and stopped by as my wife loves their Zabaglione Latte.  I had a Zabaglione Espresso which is made with sweet Italian custard.  To compliment the espresso I had a Torta Gianduia (chocolate and hazelnut tart) and the Cannolo (filled with ricotta and pistachio).  Everything was excellent.  Cool decor, casual atmosphere and excellent service.",2
"i tried this place out on a week night for my birthday w.3 of my gfs. we ordered 4 pasta dishes and a charcuterie board to share. our server (short redish hair) didnt seem enthused all night..not sure if thats just how she was..but definitely not on the friendly side. she seem quite hostel towards us than the other server we saw.. but we made our own night fun w.each other! 
service 3/5.

the salami charcuterie board was ok..nothing in particular wowed us with it. she brought it out and dropped it on our table. no explaination as to what was what..didnt know which salami/cured meat was which..didnt even know which cheese selection they had given us either.. it wouldve been nice to know what we were feasting on..i know my friend requested more salami and a cheese that wasnt so strong. i think they gave us brie cheese..

we then got the 4 pastas: orecchiette, bolognese, pappardelle & carbonara.
all of it was really good! forgot to ask for the pastas to be cooked a little more well but the flavours are nice.
braised rabbit was tender. fennel sausage had a nice kick. bolognese meat sauce was delicious carbonara wasnt overly creamy.

overall food 4/5.

atmosphere was nice. dim lit, cute little lights hung through out. lots of seating and tables throughout the place. not sure how busy it would be on a weekend..but id love to come back and try their pizzas!",1
"If you are a pasta-lover then you've definitely heard of Sugo! I heard and seen of Sugo plenty on social media and knew this spot definitely belongs on my bucketlist. I stopped by around 1 PM on a Saturday and waited about 20 minutes for a table for 2. It is a small restaurant with very cozy and homey vibes, and surprisingly there was plenty of street parking available along Bloor St around this time. 

I decided to go with the spaghetti and meatballs, and my friend went with the rigatoni with calamari for our appetizer. The calamari was perfectly crispy, and the two sauces provided complimented it very well. The two pasta dishes were pretty good but standard - it wasn't THE BEST we've ever had. The meatball with my spaghetti stood out the most, it was very juicy, tender and flavourful. The food were definitely worth the 20 minutes wait but absolutely not worth 2 hours wait time like some of the other reviews mentioned here. Their generous portion and aesthetics are probably what attracts most of the customers here at first... it is what attracted me, anyway!

The service at Sugo is definitely one of the top. We were always notified with wait times and offered drinks while we waited, and our server explained the menu and how everything worked at their establishment very well. Our food arrived just a bit slow but we were warned of that right after as we ordered so it is no biggie. Although, we felt a bit rushed in the end. My friend and I stopped eating for not even 2 minutes and we were given take out boxes and the bill already LMAO would've been nice if we had some more time to settle in with the food... 

I'd definitely come back for their pasta, but not during their rush hour where wait time is a couple hours. I'd recommend Sugo for a cute lunch date/spot, the best atmosphere for it!!",2
"My friend and I came for a late dinner after an event at the AGO. I've never been to Mexico before but from what I see in photos and in TV shows, this place looks like a true taqueria!

You order up at the cash and they will give you a number and bring you the food. I order the 3 taco combo (~$11) and guacomole and chips (~$6). I ordered the chicken tinga, braised pork and ground beef tacos, all mild and a combination of 2 corn and 1 flour tortillas.

Both kinds of tortilla were good (apparently they make it in house!). The corn tortilla was slightly more crispy / ""hard"" than the flour one, but definitely not as crispy as the hard tacos you get from Taco Bell. The diameter is smaller than the flour one, but more ""hearty"". The flour tortilla was thinner than what I have eaten at Mexican restaurants in Kensington Market.

All 3 types of taco fillings were good! But if I have to rank them, my favourite would be the chicken, beef and pork. I couldn't identify any individual flavours from any of the tacos, but the chicken one stood out in terms of well balanced flavour and the meat was not dry at all. I found the pork to be a bit dry.

My friend ordered the same taco combo as me, plus a pork burrito on flour tortilla. (Haha, don't judge, he didn't have a proper meal for the whole day.) The pork burrito was quite big, with a decent amount of meat. We both came to a consensus that the best combo was chicken tinga + flour tortilla.

As for the guacomole, it was okay. It was kind of bland and the portion was small for the price (~40g?) - don't think I will be getting it again. However, it was fresh and I like how they had chunks of avocado in it, instead of 100% puree.

I will be back to try the burrito!!!",2
"I have heard tons of good things about hotopia before this location even opened, and I finally got to try it with my friends. We heard the default spicy level (which is 2) for the mala pot is too spicy, but apparently my friend who told me that is a baby lol. I don't eat very spicy but this is definitely not spicy at all, I would suggest go for level 3. We ordered the marrying four pot, funny name huh, but it has beef sirloin, pork, lamb and shrimp, which basically saves u lots of decisions! We also added lotus root, beef balls, and rice cake. The rice cake was a great add on , it's crispy outside and soft inside, it absorbs the flavors and it's amazing! Even though it is not that spicy, I definitely think it is very very delicious, I would definitely come back again to try more dishes! We also ordered stir fry potato, it's warm and spicy, it's great!",2
"A disappointment for vegetarians. I'd read about King's tacos on Yelp and on some Facebook discussions and expected to be pleasantly surprised by their home-style serving style and innovative veggie options. Sadly that did not happen. 

We ordered the veggie tacos and were excited to try the welcome chips and salsas. Turns out at least one of the salsas has chicken stock - why!? - and the rest were just watery meh. 

The veggie tacos were fine at best. Pretty oily and just boring. And, finding a meat piece in the veggie mix was the final straw. Definitely won't be back and still in search of a decent veggie taco in Toronto. Tips welcome!",0
